chore: add changeset for pr #1234 (#1235)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/twelve-seas-cough.md

---
'@redocly/cli': patch
---

> Updated minimal version of node.js to v14 and removed deprecated packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated minimum required version of Node.js to v14 and removed deprecated packages.
```
